README.md, before:

# Komber

Komber is a SAAS product to manage Hiring planning and budget. It allows CEO, CFO and HR to plan, share and execute their Hiring plan.

### Preface
##### Vue.js, Koa.js, Node.js, Postgresql

Main technologies used are the following
 * Postgresql as a high performance structured database
 *

### Demo:
Click [here](http://demo.komber.io) to see our demo website.

You can sign up or use the following access:
<pre>
email: admin1@komber.io
password: azerty
</pre>

### Environment:
- Server
    - [Koa](http://koajs.com/)
    - Koa Router, Koa Cors, Koa Bodyparser
    - Postgresql, Sequelize
    - Node ~~8.14.0~~
- Client
    - [Vue](https://vuejs.org/)
    - [ElementUI](https://element.eleme.io/#/en-US)
    - [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) (HTTP Client Library)
    - Webpack 4
    - WebpackDevServer (Development mode only)

### Architecture

    ├─client               # frontend folder
    │  ├─src               # frontend src
    │  │  ├─api            # api services
    │  │  │  └─common      # api common components (used by services)
    │  │  ├─components     # Vue components
    │  │  │  ├─common      # Vue common component
    │  │  │  └─_packages_    # Vue component stored by package
    │  │  ├─store          # state management
    │  │  │  └─modules
    │  │  ├─styles
    │  │  ├─view           # app pages
    │  │  │  └─_packages_    # pages are stored by packages
    │  │  ├─router.js      # app router
    │  │  ├─main.js        # main js: start point of the app
    │  │  └─App.vue        # Main App page
    │  └─_config_files_
    |
    └─server               # server folder
       ├─src               # server src
       │  ├─controllers
       │  │  └─_Controllers_ # by objects/routes
       │  ├─db
       │  │  ├─config      # connection and credentials config for db
       │  │  ├─migrations  # db migrations
       │  │  └─seeders     # seeds db
       │  ├─middleware
       │  │  └─jwt.js      # Manage authentication process with jsonwebtoken
       │  ├─models
       │  │  ├─_Models_      # Sequelize models
       │  │  └─index.js    # Sequelize builder (config and association management)
       │  ├─routes
       │  │  └─_routers_     # router by object type
       │  ├─app.js         # main js file which launch the server depending of the environment
       │  └─index.js       # server and router
       └─_config_files_

### Run through Docker

install docker and docker-compose

```bash
    docker-compose up # it will launch server and client side
```

### Setup Locally:

To migrate and populate the database, you should follow the ./README.sequelize.md file

- Others:
```bash
npm run build      # Running production mode
npm run eslint     # Check your coding style
npm run eslint-fix # Use auto ESLint fix
```

Commit message:

eslint applied on ./client + documentation

README.md, after:

# Komber

Komber is a SAAS product to manage Hiring planning and budget. It allows CEO, CFO and HR to plan, share and execute their Hiring plan.

### Preface
##### Vue.js, Koa.js, Node.js, Postgresql

Main technologies used are the following
 * Postgresql as a high performance structured database
 *

### Demo:
Click [here](http://demo.komber.io) to see our demo website.

You can sign up or use the following access:
<pre>
email: admin1@komber.io
password: azerty
</pre>

### Environment:
- Server
    - [Koa](http://koajs.com/)
    - Koa Router, Koa Cors, Koa Bodyparser
    - Postgresql, Sequelize
    - Node ~~8.14.0~~
- Client
    - [Vue](https://vuejs.org/)
    - [ElementUI](https://element.eleme.io/#/en-US)
    - [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) (HTTP Client Library)
    - Webpack 4
    - WebpackDevServer (Development mode only)

### Architecture

    ├─client               # frontend folder
    │  ├─src               # frontend src
    │  │  ├─api            # api services
    │  │  │  └─common      # api common components (used by services)
    │  │  ├─components     # Vue components
    │  │  │  ├─common      # Vue common component
    │  │  │  └─_packages_    # Vue component stored by package
    │  │  ├─store          # state management
    │  │  │  └─modules
    │  │  ├─styles
    │  │  ├─view           # app pages
    │  │  │  └─_packages_    # pages are stored by packages
    │  │  ├─router.js      # app router
    │  │  ├─main.js        # main js: start point of the app
    │  │  └─App.vue        # Main App page
    │  └─_config_files_
    |
    └─server               # server folder
       ├─src               # server src
       │  ├─controllers
       │  │  └─_Controllers_ # by objects/routes
       │  ├─db
       │  │  ├─config      # connection and credentials config for db
       │  │  ├─migrations  # db migrations
       │  │  └─seeders     # seeds db
       │  ├─middleware
       │  │  └─jwt.js      # Manage authentication process with jsonwebtoken
       │  ├─models
       │  │  ├─_Models_      # Sequelize models
       │  │  └─index.js    # Sequelize builder (config and association management)
       │  ├─routes
       │  │  └─_routers_     # router by object type
       │  ├─app.js         # main js file which launch the server depending of the environment
       │  └─index.js       # server and router
       └─_config_files_

### Run through Docker

install docker and docker-compose

```bash
    docker-compose up # it will launch server and client side
```

### Setup Locally:

To migrate and populate the database, you should follow the ./README.sequelize.md file

### Production

To be continued...
```bash
npm run build      # Running production mode
```

### ESLint

To manage the code quality, eslint is used.
It is possible to edit the eslint rule in the config files client/.eslintrc.json and server/.eslintrc.json

Add to run it, use these commands inside client or server repository
```bash
npm run eslint     # Check your coding style
npm run eslint-fix # Use auto ESLint fix
```
